onion is enrich in sulfer  and amino acids that can imrove the blood circulation and scap heath.
Sulfur and  amino acids, which are components of protein. Proteins — and especially keratin,
so onion is prevent hair fall and imrove hair groth
direction:
apply onion juice on scalp and hair and leave it for 20 min.
wash it off with your favorite shampoo.repeate it twice in week.
add choped onion in coconut oil and massage your scalp
add 1 chooped onion in half littter water and boil for 10 min and rainse your hair with this magical water
take one bolw and add 3 table spoone onion juice and add 3 table spoone gooseberry juice


Coconut oil
Coconut oil is extracted from the coconut and retains many beneficial ingredients.coconut oil contetnt with fatty acid and lauric acid

The lauric acid and lauric acid in coconut oil has nourishing properties that are especially prone to soak into the 
strands of your hair and give yoy fizze free hair and moisture you hair. coconut6 oil protect from hair breakage
direction:
Massage yoy scalp with warp coconut oil before hair wash.
add gooseberry joice in coconut oil and apply in scalp and hair and leave it for hour and wash it off

egg:

egg contain protein,vitamin,biotin,sulfur which is favorable for your hair
egg to the hair can stimulate hair growth. They contend the yolks stimulate the scalp and nourish the hair roots.
direction
Mix 2 to 3 whole eggs with 2 to 3 drops of lemon juice, which helps to reduce the “egg” scent of the mask.
this mask apply in scalp and leave it for 45 min and wash it off

mix 2 egg with honey and apply on your hair and wash


garlic:

Garlic has anti-microbial properties that help remove germs and bacteria, which are responsible for 
causing damage to the scalp and hair, further inhibiting hair growth.
Raw garlic is known to be rich in vitamin C and selenium content that is great for promoting hair-growth. 
It also boosts collagen production that helps stimulate hair growth.

Garlic treats issues like dandruff and hair fall.
direction
:
grind garlic and add 2 table spoone honey and apply on scalp and leave it for 15 min
grind garlic and add 1 table spoone ginger juice and leave for 15 min and wash yoyr hair


ginger:
ginger a common food spice,in indian kitchen
Ginger comes with 40 antioxidant compounds that protect against itcey scalp

direction

One of the  common scalp problems is dandruff and ginger is the answer to that. 
Ginger has antiseptic properties that can help in getting rid of dandruff. Mix two tablespoons grated ginger 
with three tablespoons of  olive oil. 
Massage your scalp with it and rinse it off in 15-30 minutes. Do this thrice a week to get a dandruff-free scalp

Avocado:

Avocados are extremely moisturizing and nourishing because they contain natural oils and 
both polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fatty acids (the “good” fats). While these oils 
can be beneficial to hair and helpful for dry, dehydrated hair.

Avocados  is also rich in vitamins that can nourish the scalp and help hair look healthy, 
shiny, and hydrated. You may have heard that biotin helps hair growth.

Avocado is a great source of biotin, and definety adding in your  diet may help hair to grow more healthily.
direction:
grind 1 Avocado and add 2 tablespoons of coconut oil and well mix together
and apply on scalp and hair and leave to 1 hour 

mash 1 Avocado and add 1 egg, 3 tablespoons olive oil and apply in scalp
Almond oil:
